Document plugins.security.audit.config.log4j.maximum_index_characters_per_message setting (#12185)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _security/audit-logs/storage-types.md

```

By default, the Security plugin uses the logger name `audit` and logs the events on `INFO` level. Audit events are stored in JSON format.

> For clusters with many indices, you can use the `plugins.security.audit.config.log4j.maximum_index_characters_per_message` setting to split log messages and prevent the `audit_trace_indices` and `audit_trace_resolved_indices` fields from exceeding the desired maximum index name characters per message. This can help keep maximum log message size down to better fit in your logging pipeline. Split messages will include a new `audit_split_message_id` UUID field to link split messages together. The setting defaults to `2,147,483,647` so no splitting will be performed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For clusters with many indexes, you can use the `plugins.security.audit.config.log4j.maximum_index_characters_per_message` setting to split log messages. This prevents the `audit_trace_indices` and `audit_trace_resolved_indices` fields from exceeding the configured maximum number of index-name characters per message and reduces log message size for your logging pipeline. Split messages include an `audit_split_message_id` UUID field that links related message fragments. The setting defaults to 2,147,483,647 (no splitting).
```
